thanks very much hey is anyone dog dan
you running on the terrorist hotline you
to prep your hand anyone anyone no one
how long Australia you people I've been
on the phone all friggin day
oh yeah noisy neighbors people would
have been out on the wrong night I find
anyone with a beard is a bit of a goer
you know what I mean you know with
another samel look you know I got Dom
booked three months in jail the other
day which is much shit as jumpers he was
wearing - no excuse even that I can't on
the telly you know the Steve Levin John
Howard Cobra I thought this is serious
I got to write this number down this is
really important I'm gonna write down
next to the phone next all the important
phone numbers so I got police fire
brigade Pizza Hut yum terrorist hotline
I came out drunk the other night I'll
start off on down order a pizza right
order a pizza half an hour later the
door was kicked in by these azo agents
looking for to larger wines and a small
Mexican
they had me on the gravel to gather my
head they said what have you got to say
for yourself I said where's my friggin
garlic bread I'm a cheesecake
I am serious and the paper said the
other day said that Australia is now a
serious al Qaeda target and Sydney is
the number one target and I thought
they're good cuz I live in Melbourne and
but then the premier the Victoria Prima
Steve breaks down with a newsmen on our
Melbourne it's also a target no one's
got a lot to offer here we've got the
trains we've got the Grande Prairie
we've got the Penguins I'm sitting I'm
going sharp Brack see this one bit of
business Victoria doesn't need Jesus now
the wall I mean I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna fire the war time I wore you know
I'm not going I am basically I'm very
fat and lazy you know we'll take a lot
to get me off the couch basically you
know I put it this way even if the
Indonesians invaded Australia
I'll be sitting having an art burger it
wait a minute Wiens land come down to
radio no I think I got a see will
dreamworld Hollywood on the go guys
school these weights gonna kick in
they're gonna have a look at me Big
Brother is filled let me Queensland
beautiful one-day selamat pagi bug-like
sajida next I think I just asked you for
a painter I need an Asian but
now I've actually bought out of a series
of motivational tape packages they're
for sale in the foyer tonight along for
my my products and this is for anyone
who lacked some motivation in their life
so maybe you're sitting down the front
with a bit of a bead and a green shirt
and you find it hard to get motivated
sir so listen to this and tell me that
you're not motivated here we go if you
like getting up straightaway tied sure I
am ready for the world well not only
motivation I'll handle weight loss types
and being a bit on the fat fats like
people say to me Dave you got to get in
shape I say I am in shape it's just a
round one at the moment you can have
that joke not a problem I've got one
building for the joke list now now this
is this this is a weight loss type
pretend you're sleeping and you're in
bed and this is what you hear to lose
weight so you're sleeping yeah you're
sleeping you're sleeping
oh shit your bed I've been Dave I know
you've been great thank you very much